{\rtf1\ansi
{\fonttbl\f0 Courier Screenplay;}

\psz1\paperw12240\paperh15840
\margl2160\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440
\deftab720

{\stylesheet{\f0 \sbasedon222\snext0 Normal;}
{\s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql\snext2\sbasedon0 SCENE HEADING;}
{\s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql\snext0\sbasedon0 ACTION;}
{\s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql\snext5\sbasedon0 CHARACTER;}
{\s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql\snext5\sbasedon0 PARENTHETICAL;}
{\s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql\snext2\sbasedon0 DIALOGUE;}
{\s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr\snext1\sbasedon0 TRANSITION;}
{\s7\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql\snext2\sbasedon0 SHOT;}
}

\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \ul BIRYANI\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc Written by\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc P.S.R\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\qc \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Ju.prashantsingh@gmail.com\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql +91-8861242819\par
\line\page

\pard\plain \s0\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\b\ul\qc ACT 1 BEGINS\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 1}  \b EXT. RIVER SIDE-GANGA. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Just for test\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The sky is crystal clear, and the moon is looking colossal--\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql It paints the environment in grayish-blue.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The river is sparkling, clear as glass.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The reflection of the moon is so clear that it seems that there is another moon on the river, but --\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The river moon is burning from the reflection of havan-kund on the bank.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql We start to hear chants from a group of Aghori Sadhus.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The chants become louder and louder and, suddenly--\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The beauty of the scene turns into chaos, and all we see are madmen.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Some are throwing animals into the fire.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql One Aghori is drinking his piss, and another is dancing naked.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Some of them are high on ganja.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql A few of them are playing with the human skull, and another one is eating his arm.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql We move towards the fire, and there we see a civilized Aghori.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql A few of them are bowing down to him, and he is Meditating with a --\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The child beside him staring into the fire, emotionless.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The leader opens his eyes; the reflection of the fire gives his eyes a divine shine.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql He is smiling as if he has attained nirvana, and he moves his head towards the kid.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql With the divine smile he says--\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AGHORI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sansar se upar ek bhagwaan hai, aur sansar me chuppe saare haiwaan hai. Apne aas paas dekh rahe ho? Inhe nahi pata ye kya kar rahe hai, aur mazze ki baat yeh hai ki iss duniya me kisi ko nahi pata wo kya kar rahe hai, wo bus wahi kar rahe hai jo sab kar rahe hai. Aur hum unke liye pagal hai aur wo hummare liye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The leader suddenly grabs the kid threateningly, and for no reason, there is a --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Shiver in his voice, he is scared of something. But what? We don\u8217?t know.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He comes back to his senses and starts to Whisper-- \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AGHORI (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nishiddh cheeze nishiddh kyun hai? ye bus humme pata hai. Agar ishwar tak tumhe jana hai toh Sahi galat ke beech me chunao nahi, kuch sahi aur kuch galat karna padega. Aur har galat kaam me milega tumko zindigi ka asli maksad.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As He applies ash on the kid\u8217?s forehead,\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We hear, The barking of dogs and the distant sound of blowing shankh.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AGHORI (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ab tum humme se ek ho aur tumhe 7 khoon maaf hai. saatve khoon ke baad tum mere saath swarg chalna aur jab tak mann karre toh...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The child grabs ash from around and throws it into the eyes of the leader. He looks around for a second and --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He escapes from the bank. The Aghoris start to run behind the kid but--\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AGHORI (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jaane do, Wo humse door nahi bhaag raha, wo apne niyati ke pass jaa raha hai.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 2}  \b EXT. HIGHWAY. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The kid is running as fast as he can, he is constantly screaming for his mother, and out of nowhere --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A truck comes speeding up towards him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The screen turns white.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr \b FADE OUT.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 3}  \b INT. ROOM. DAY- 2005\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Blood on the floor, dead dove and remarkably organized room of a girl, with a neat study table, pink and purple curtains and a single bed with floral bed sheet.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A 10 years old girl is sitting on the bed, having a knife in her hand, dripping with blood.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The mother of the girl enters the room, she sees the dead dove and then the girl.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MOTHER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (empathy)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Oh!! Piyusha..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql She hugs her.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Present Year, Bangalore. We hear a group singing Happy Birthday.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 4}  \b INT. OFFICE(WITH CUBICLES). DAY-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On top of the cake, \u8220?Happy Birthday Piyusha\u8221? is written.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In the small crowd we can easily figure out our main character PURUSHOTTAM(25).\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is visibly bored, forcefully singing. But his dress --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His dress is perfectly ironed, his tie is --perfectly tied and his shoes, well they are the shiniest thing in the office.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His eyes are stuck on Piyusha, looking towards her with love and passion and as soon as Piyusha looks at him, he....\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He leaves the office hurriedly. \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 5}  \b EXT. COFFEE SHOP(THELLA). EVENING-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, while drinking coffee, is talking to one of his friends over the phone.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yaar, water park toh mushkil hoga.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On his phone, he looks at his bank balance..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo thoda office ka kaam hai, isiliye. (responding to a question) Haan kaam toh sahi milta hai, tere jitna exciting nahi hai, magar mast hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His voice doesn\u8217?t compliment his facial expression. He is not satisfied with his current job.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru completes his coffee, and while over the phone, he gets on his bike and starts riding.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Water park chor, Aaj raat cs Biryani aa jao.. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql FRIEND (O.S.)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi mein tere taraf Nashedi nahi biryani ka.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bhai no joke, cs ki biryani kabhi khayega toh kahi aur ki nahi kha payega. World ki best biryani deta hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql FRIEND (O.S.)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek kaam kyun nahi karta? Tu ek blog start kar naa khud ka aur CS Biryani ke baare mein likh, magar Tumhe apne job se fursat kaha milegi, star coder.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Haan kaam pehle, chal gaadi chala raha hoon, Abhi rakhte hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We slowly move away from Purushottam. He has stopped his bike on a red signal surrounded by a vehicles.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql This time, Purushottam again pops out of the crowd.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is the only one having a smile on his face. \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 6}  \b EXT. OLD WORN-DOWN APARTMENT(PURU\u8217?S APARTMENT). EVENING\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru parks his bike and goes inside the apartment.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 7}  \b INT. APARTMENT. EVENING - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is ringing the bell for a long time now.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He wants to shout, but--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes a deep breath, tries to calm himself down. He rings the bell once more, and no one opens the door.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He stands silently for a couple of seconds.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql After a deep breath, aggressively, he tries to knock on the door, But the door is opened by SUDHEER(25, TALL)\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer has wrapped a towel around his waist; he just took a bath.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer stares at him and says --\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bro, you lost your keys no? Let me have bath in peace. Go and get new keys da.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is tired, and in no mood to argue and being excited to pitch his idea to Sudheer, he in ebullience says --\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bro, ek idea hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dude learn hindi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You first learn local language.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Annoyed, Purushottam tries to calm down.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I have an idea, we can get rid of our useless jobs. But first let us have biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Smiling)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql This is life da,(smiling) Rid of useless job.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We are going to Cs no?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Obviously machcha, How can we miss Biryani Fridays? Piyusha\u8217?s birthday no today?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yeah.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Did you ask her out? \par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 8}  \b EXT. MAIN ROAD. NIGHT -\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is riding the bike with Purushottam sitting behind.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is looking at a video of Prakhar where he is explaining a verse from Madhushala.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The verse is basically about if you are getting high just with the thought of getting high, you are following your passion.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 9}  \b INT. CS BIRYANI. NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The place is full of police officers.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Most of them are drunk.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As Sudheer and Puru walk towards the only empty seat that they can find, their eyes are stuck at a phone used by a police officer, whose nameplate reads -- \u8220?Surender KOLI.\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer look at each other with utter disbelief and disgust.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they take a seat, a waiter recognizes them and prompts them that he will bring the special Biryani for them.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Was he watching child porn?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql And he is a police officer. Wasn\u8217?t he supposed to protect us?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Shame on them, even kids are not safe now a days.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Biryani is served to them with two chilled bottles of Beer.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It is delicious.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql While Sudheer brings the plate near him, Purushottam stops him.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Let me take a few nice pictures.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is confused as to why is he doing it?...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We can start our own food blog, if we love Biryani, we should earn from it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, after taking a couple of pictures, allows themselves to start eating.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Food blogging? \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi hoga mujhse?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Can\u8217?t I do it?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Depends magga, when was the last time you tried something and you succeeded?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Never actually. (Puru is visibly upset and to change the topic), But we need money, I can\u8217?t do this forever?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You should try to get in touch with your father bro, He might be a changed person?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Upset)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I\u8217?m never talking to him, I don\u8217?t know how he escaped from judiciary. Leave it, what about your parents?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Those fuckers are still alive. They always see my akka earning in lacs and are proud of her. They called me yesterday just to tell Akka gifted them a car.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Your Akka is also an engineer no? How many years of experience?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Two.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql And she earns so much? No doubt parents are proud of her. But they should not make comparisons.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What she earns man? She is an office slut da, sleeping around with everyone to climb up the ladder. At least I\u8217?m not doing anything wrong for the money. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Just take some money from your akka and leave the company to do what you love, make films.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Take money from akka(chuckles), Wait I\u8217?ll freshen-up a bit and come.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer goes to the washroom.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \i The OWNER(45, FAIR, MIDDLE STATURE)\i0  of the shop comes to the table, and On seeing the plates only half empty, he says\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Achcha nahi kya aaj ka? Itne dheere dheere kha rahe ho?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dheere dheere kha ke mazza lene dijiye. I wonder aisa kya unique daalte ho aap isme?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dil, dil se banate hai aur aap sab ke tareef hi toh asli kamayi hai meri.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre toh aaj ka biryani free naa?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Smiling)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aur koi seva sir?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam takes out his phone to show his photographs to the owner. But on seeing Sudheer, he puts it back in his pocket.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi bus kaafi hai. Dukaan kab tak khule rahegi?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bus sir ye police wagera chale jaaye, dukaan band kar denge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek plate pack kar diiyega, raat me mazze se khayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 10}  \b EXT.MAIN ROAD. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The road is almost empty.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is driving the bike, and Sudheer is behind him. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql On a second thought bro, our blogging thing can work. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Really?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yeah, I saw one article today, wait will show you.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He tries to find his phone, but it\u8217?s not in his pocket.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is panicking and searching for his phone in desperation.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Stop the bike machcha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Why da?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I think I lost my phone?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What where?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql First stop the bike.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam pulls over the bike.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You left it in the Biryani place?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Very tensed)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I think machcha. Call the restaurant once.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam calls the restaurant, but no one answers. Sudheer snatches the phone and redials many times.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 11}  \b INT.KITCHEN-CS BIRYANI.\b0  \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The white telephone is ringing.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A blood-drenched hand reaches the phone, but the phone stops ringing.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 12}  \b EXT.MAIN ROAD. CONTD\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Lets go and collect.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Machcha we will go there 1st thing in the morning, it will take at least 30minutes to reach today.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bro, please let\u8217?s go now.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I\u8217?m tired bro, please.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I have something important da, please.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Your phone is locked, it is a good place, don\u8217?t worry. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bro, please go, Mein poora time tumse Hindi me baat karunga.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam stares at Sudheer for a few seconds.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhe Hindi aati hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bohot achche se.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bhosdike toh ye natak kyun karta tha?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yaar tum bohot gyaan chodta hai Hindi mein, sahi galat maan maryada, english me tumko words nahi milte toh tu chup hi rehta hai almost.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Behenchod aur tmko madad chahiye mujhse ?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Please bhai kar de.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, without uttering a single word, puts back the key on the bike. And they head towards CS Biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 13}  \b EXT. CS BIRYANI. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The restaurant is closed, and both of them are standing there  -- hopelessly.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Chill, peeche ka rasta hai ek, inka door me problem hai, thoda push dene se khul jayega. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumko kaise pata?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bhaiya repair ke liye baat kar raha the toh sune the, abhi chal peeche se chalte hai le lenge.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 14}  \b EXT. BACKSIDE-CS BIRYANI\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We see smoke all around with a large bin on the right corner of White, huge doors that lead to the kitchen of the restaurant.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they enter, we move up to see a C.C.T.V camera recording them.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 15}  \b INT.KITCHEN-CS BIRYANI\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --Lights flickering...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they move towards the washroom, their eyes get stuck on the floor.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They look at each other with disbelief.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Terror-stricken, Sudheer swallows his saliva, and Purushottam has his sight fixed, slowly we move towards their sight, and we see --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --BLOOD,\b0  blood oozing out of the PANTRY, covering the nearby floor.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b TIP... TIP. TIP... TIP...\b0  Blood dripping.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql An arm of a woman, covered with blood, is stuck between the doors.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --Knife cutting through Flesh.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Is she being chopped?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Yes, It is a no brainer for them that there is a dead body inside being chopped. Suddenly they hear --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b THUMPING...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --Footsteps are loud and scary, and with each step, they become louder.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam, in less than no time, comes back to their senses and -- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They hide behind the preparation area in the left corner, the blood stained telephone is on top of it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner enters the kitchen from the door that opens up to the restaurant, he has an alarm clock in his hand.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He peeps into the Pantry, and slowly he makes his way towards the preparation area behind which they are hiding.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Meat ready hai? teesre pot me daal do. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher comes out of the pantry, and the owner sits on the compartment.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A key falls on the ground, but no one notices it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He sees blood on the telephone.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Struggle tha kya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi nahi, phone uthane gaya tab tak cut ho gaya tha.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As he puts the clock on top of it, he says...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 1 hour me sab khatam kar ke ghar ko chalo. unke aane se pehle nikal jana.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir iss se ek week chal jayega, magar bodies aur chahiye.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Salman ke badle koi mil jayega, tab tak mutton daal dena, zada pata nahi chalega. Abhi chalta hoon tm jao kaam khatam karo, aur suno ye darwaza me tala laga ke nikaliyo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner starts to leave the kitchen heading towards the backdoor.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher goes back inside the pantry.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The light flickers several times, and as he reaches the exit door, he notices that the door is Ajar. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He looks back for a second.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b SWOOSH!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The wind blows a couple of his hairs.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql -- Complete silence for a few seconds.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He notices his keys on the floor. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Dawdling, he reaches for the keys, Beside which there are shoe marks, not of one shoe, but two.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He looks at his shoe. The patterns don\u8217?t match.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With his fingers, he kind of plays some music on top of the compartment, smiling.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With that smile on his face, he leaves.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As he leave, Purushottam and Sudheer take a sigh of relief.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The ticking of the clock is amplified with the silence of the place.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It seems that the whole world, the --God and the --Devil is looking at them silently, except that clock.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The clock keeps ticking.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 16}  \b EXT.MAIN ROAD. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The bike is standing at the side of the road, but the engine is still running.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The Biryani that they got packed is hanging on the handle, swinging like a pendulum.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is vomiting. \par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql May be they serve meat to high profile people, Humme regular Biryani hi de rahe the.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (angry)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kabhi aisi biryani khaayi hai?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They both are silent for a few seconds.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Police ke pass challe?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Frustrated)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Haan chalte hai, Restaurant me kabhi police ko kab dekhe hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Social media?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi, they will find a way to track us back, Agar wo insaan khaate toh, toh humme ya tumhari family ko maarne me kitna time lagayenge?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We can\u8217?t simply run away.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kuch galat dekh ke aankh band karna bhi utna hi galat hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do we know any police officer ?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Akash uncle, Akshay ke papa police me hai na?\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 17}  \b INT. APARTMENT. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Being restless and scared, Sudheer and Purushottam are walking To and FRO inside the small room.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql But if there is at least 1 percent chance ki Uncle bhi mile hue ho, we are fucked.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Unko mail likhte hai anonymously.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mail se wo humme track kar lenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek note printout krte hai aur Akshay ke ghar me chor kar aate hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Han ye theekh rahega.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi nahi if we are wrong toh unke liye suspects narrow down ho jayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Unke police thaana ke bahar note chorte hai.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 18}  \b EXT. POLICE STATION. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam are drinking coffee outside the station.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql There is a paper note peaking out of Purushottam\u8217?s pocket.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The weather is gloomy, and we can constantly hear thunder.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gaadi on rakh.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sunn casually... Zada nervous nahi dikhna.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam Nervously nods his head in positive..\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 19}  \b INT. POLICE STATION. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam enters the station and looks around for a second.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql All the police officers are busy...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He casually takes out his phone from his pocket, and in the process, the note falls.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As he starts to leave with a notorious smile on his face.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql POLICE 1\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (In Kannada)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Apka paper gir gaya.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --LIGHTNING\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam\u8217?s face is lit with the thunder, --disquieted He turns back.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No, no not mine.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql POLICE 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It fell from your pocket.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sure?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql POLICE 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aah!! leave it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He places the note on the top of one table. The table\u8217?s nameplate read --Akash Tripathy. Puru is staring at the note with desperation.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --RING... RING...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The police pick up his phone and leave the station.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru quickly moves toward the note, but\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre puru!! Station mein?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Unable to pick up the note, he turns around.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql AKASH TRIPATHY, while sitting on his chair, picks up the note. He is about to read it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo uncle, phone chori ki report likhani hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Akash folds the note and keeps it back on the table. He signals Puru to take a seat.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhara?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi nahi sudheer ka.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre wo bahar sudheer hi tha kya? Andar bula lo baarish hogi abhi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Scared, gulping dry)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Haan uncle. Thoda jaldi nikalna hai, Office ka kaam hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Report (points his hand toward other table), waha jaa ke likhwa lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is staring at the note. He is petrified, but at the same time, desperate to run away with the note. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya hua? Udhar Amit ke pass jao. (Shouts) Amit iska report likh lo\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru nods his head and slowly starts to move toward the other table.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Akash keeps the note inside his drawer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Waise kaha ghuma tha phone?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo... \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Police 1 enters the room. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Cs biryani me, wo 9Th phase me jo hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql POLICE 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre CS biryani? Waha toh week mein do baar jaate hai sir.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Haan, wahi pe chutta tha naa? Report wagera nahi likhwao. Mil jayega. Mein owner ko jaanta hoon waha ke.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam gulps.. He knows he should not have uttered that name.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --LIGHTNING --Thunder.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Thank you uncle.. Uncle jo note aapne abhi andar rakha hai, wo mera hai, de sakte hai kya?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Police 1 stares at him. He is --Suspicious..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Akash takes out the note from his drawer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He opens the note to read it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Uncle read mat kariye naa. Love letter hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Akash folds it and gives it back to Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kaun love letter aise start karta hai? This is a bone-chilling information?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Uncle wo crime novels ki bohot badi fan hai. Isiliye......\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum padhte ho crime novels?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi uncle.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql AKASH TRIPATHY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Achcha theekh hai tum ghar jao, phone mil jana chahiye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Police 1 knows something is fishy.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql POLICE 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir aap wo book padhiyega, the Custom of the sea, Bohot sahi hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, nods his head.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 20}  EXT. POLICE STATION. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Drizzling!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam sits behind sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Itna time kyun lag gaya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo akash ke papa se baat cheet ho gayi thi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Note chor diya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ghar chal sab bata ta hoon.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 21}  \b INT. APARTMENT. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is disappointed.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Shouting)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya chutiya hai yaar tu? Report likhwaane ki kya zaroorat thi?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yaar kuch sujha nahi mujhe. Ghabrahat mein kuch bhi bol diya.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql See we have to drop this now.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Obviously, we tried. I\u8217?m not even sure ki uncle nahi mille hue hai ye sab mein. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It\u8217?s not our duty anymore. We will try again after some months. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It\u8217?s cowardly. Not to do anything.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Did you leave us with any other option.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is disappointed in himself.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Have you read The Custom of the Sea?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yeah, fantastic book about survival.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql That police man suggested me to read it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql He suggested me to read it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do you even know the full name of the book?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql The Custom of the Sea: The shocking true story of cannibalism and survival.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They both know that they are fucked.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We should pack our bags.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Ding! Dong!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The bell rings.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Darwaza locked hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They slowly reach the drawing hall,\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The door is ajar.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The bell rings again!! This time with a KNOCK.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir aapka phone choot gaya tha, police sahib phone kar ke bole.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The door opens, creaking.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner is drenched with water.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Oh sorry thoda baarish me bheeng gaya. Koi issue nahi naa andar aaun?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam, Trembling, cannot utter a word. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre khaunga nahi aapko.(pause) Abhi...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is also holding carry bag, the carry bag of CS Biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Th.. th.. thank you bhaiya.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam moves towards the door and takes the phone, and he hands it over to Sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The phone is covered in plastic to safeguard it from rain.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql While unwrapping it...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (whispers)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tune address diya tha police ko?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Akash se maang liye honge uncle.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they look up, The owner is standing dangerously close to them.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir aap log ko itna kasht hua uske liye biryani bhi le lo, aapka favorite hai, CS special biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner leaves the biryani on the table and leaves.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql All of a Sudden!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner enters the home again and locks the door from within.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer could feel nothing but blind terror, dread twisted in their guts, they stood still.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Apne ko lamba baat pasand nahi. Kal tmlog kitchen me tha.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He pulls out a pistol and keeps it on the table.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They both are shivering..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre darro nahi, chalo baitho, tumlog ka hi ghar hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer gathers some courage and with raw panic in his voice, he says\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We are not a threat to you. Humlog koi khatra nahi paida karnege.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maan liye. \par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner is smiling...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog ko laga ki ek simple police case aur ye sab band? Jo hum kar rahe hai wo yugo-yugo se chal raha hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes out one of the biryanis from the bag and starts to eat it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aao tumlog bhi kha lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They don\u8217?t move an inch.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql After a couple of bites, he packs the biryani again.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum(Pointing puru) Kya naam hai tera? Puru? Wo gun dena thoda, mera haath nahi jaa raha.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The time slows down.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru is covered with sweat. Each drop that crawls over his skin has numbed his face. He can\u8217?t feel anything, except\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --fear.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Without his consent, His legs start moving towards the table.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As he grabs the pistol, The owner very curiously is observing Purushottam, with a devilish smile on his face. He is waiting for puru to do something crazy. Sudheer closes his fist as his body gets filled with a sudden pulse of energy.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Deep down, they both know that the pistol may be empty, but isn\u8217?t it their last chance?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In no time Puru grabs the pistol with both of his hands and COCKING!!!! Of gun is heard while he loads the gun and\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Bam!! The trigger is\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --JAMMED.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Very good, toh jaan lene se aapko koi parhaiz nahi, bus ek karan ki awashakta hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer furiously starts to talk, only to be abruptly silenced by the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Um mm hmm mm, shhhhh,ch.. ch.. chup.. Tum dono ke pass bus do options hai. One-> ya toh ab mere liye dead bodies tum log lao, ya option 2--> agla do bodies tumlog hoge.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner again unpacks the biryani and starts eating it, this time he is enjoying the bites.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bodies?? Laate kaha se ho?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum free ho jaha se bhi lao, Last wala gareebo se bachche khareed kar lata tha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Khareed kar? \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre haan, paise wagera hum de denge. tumhara kaam hai, cleanly, bina maatha pachchi ke, bodies lana. Help will be provided.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql And people sell their kids? To be eaten?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Humko angrezi aati hai, magar jawab hum hindi mein denge? Ok naa? Koi problem nahi? Hoga bhi toh (smirks) jhaant kuch ukhaado ge. Unko nahi pata hota tha, and no one cares, salman pooch ke lata tha, uss se pehle waala seedha utha leta tha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bachcho ko?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi gareebo ko, see no one cares ek gareeb zinda hai ki nahi. Koi report bhi nahi banata. They are not meant to be alive.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner takes out a piece of paper from his pocket and hands it over to sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye rules hai, kaise bodies humme nahi chahiye. Tum itmanan se padh lena, But we don\u8217?t want anyone suffering from cancer, raped or in periods. Baaki niyam todd sakte ho.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He offers biryani to them, but they both refuse to eat it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ab nahi kha kar kya ukhaad loge? Ye marr chuke hai, and the best part tumne nahi maara. Eat guilt free.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He revolves around them.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Don\u8217?t lie, ki tumhe ye meat tasty nahi lagte. isko dekh kar tumhare muh me paani nahi aate. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He pats them both and says.. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Month me ek body minimum laana hoga\u8221?, aur kal subah tak ka waqt hai tumlogo ke pass. Nahi karna hai toh aur sahi, next kuch weeks ke liye body mil jayegi mujhko.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He leaves one biryani there and walks out of the home elegantly.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 22}  \b INT. ROOM. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql One old Godrej almirah is standing still in the corner opposite to the window.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and purushottam are sitting quietly, tensed.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is lost deep into some thought.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Usne kaha tha har tarah ka help provide karega.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql So we will buy kids?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No, we will kill criminals.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is astonished.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql That way, we will be doing the right thing?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Small criminals, jisko police nahi pakad rahi, but they deserve to die.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Angry)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We will decide Who deserve to die? \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam gives him a deadly stare.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do we deserve to live?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What\u8217?s the plan?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Help will be provided, hum unse weapons, criminals ke list aur paisa lenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hm criminals ko maar payenge?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I don\u8217?t know. Pata nahi kya karna hai. But iske alawa kuch hai jo hum kar sakte hai?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer nods in negative.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql How many criminals will we kill each month?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Minimum number. We will have 2 rules, Rule 1- kill criminals, rule 2- only 1 criminal per month.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql And what if we break rule 2?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Surrender.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is irritated.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye bhi risky hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql So what do we do? Kill poor children?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We will have to.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What if you have to kill me? Mujhe bhi maar doge? We are good humans and we....\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Oh! Come on shut up. If I can kill you for my survival. You can kill me to just look good. Tumhe bus achcha dikhna hai, tum ek image bana ke jeena chahte ho. I can see right through your act.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mujhe pata hai mein achcha hoon.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Killing your father, could have made you good. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sudheer chup ho ja.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agar tum waha gaand me damm dikhata, you could have saved your mother.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sudheer chup ho ja.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You killed her, because you did not kill him.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql PUNCH...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer falls down. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Lips bleeding.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam kicks sudheer hard, but sudheer dodges the attack.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In pain, he stands up.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Furious, he grabs purushottam by neck, almost chocking him, pushing him against the almirah.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I can kill you right now, but I won\u8217?t. Kyun ki mein sirf achcha dikhna nahi chahta. I\u8217?m good.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer leaves purushottam, as purushottam steps away from the almirah, the door slowly opens and a letter falls out of it; flying , it reaches Sudheer\u8217?s foot.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Picking it up purushottam bursts into tear.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He sits beside purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I still write letters to my mom, Wo maaf nahi karegi mujhe, agar mein murderer bann jaun.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He wants to hug him, but the only thing he says...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Chal sutta maarte hai do.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 23}  \b INT. DRAWING HALL. NIGHT -\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql DARK!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They both come out of the room and see the biryani lying over there.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Like every meat lover, who once pledged not to eat meat ever, they go out of the house.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We move up to see the clock.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In fifteen minutes they come back.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They look at each other, without uttering any single word,\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer walks towards the table, opens the package and start eating the biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam joins him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Complete silence.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The clock on the wall is ticking, it seems that everyone, The --GOD and the -DEVIL are watching them silently, except that clock.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The clock keeps ticking.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\b\ul\qc                      ACT 1 ENDS                            \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\b\ul\qc\page ACT 2 \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 24}  \b INT.KITCHEN-CS BIRYANI. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The stove is lit, the bluish flame engulfs the frying pan and burns the oil inside, leaving the screen covered with the white smoke.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We hear the Whir of an electric juicer, Bacon sizzling, the sizzle of meat hitting a hot grill, and an angry cook.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As the cook moves, the smoke dissipates, giving us the view of the busy kitchen.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We slowly move towards the door with a window on the center top.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer are pitching their idea to the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner could not stop his laughter.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As we move inside the window, the sound of the kitchen fades away.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (laughing)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yaar tum dono toh cracked piece aaye ho mere pass. Mein help nahi kar raha. Bohot simple hai aur safe toh hai, jao gareebo ko utha ke lao kaam khatam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhe darr kis baat ki hai? Ki hum tumhe maarenge?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner bursts into tears and almost mechanically becomes serious.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Koi bhi criminal, mere customers ke alawa.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Done.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gareeb bachcho ko marna, zada insaniyat ka kaam hai waise. Unki zindigi nark se bhi battar hoti hai, Ya toh jism ke dhandhe me laga diye jaate hai, ya toh viklang kar ke bhikhari bana diye jaate hai. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Insaniyat ke liye kar rahe ho ye sab?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner looks at him solemnly, almost in a threatening way...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek criminal hai mere nazar me, zada khatarnaak nahi hai. Police ke laparwahi se bach gaya tha, kisi bade aadmi ka haath bhi nahi hai uspe.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Crime?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Acid...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner calls up someone and asks for the bio-data of the guy.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein police se criminals jugaad toh kar lunga, magar sahi aur galat ke beech me chunao karna hummara kaam nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner pulls out the same pistol and hands it over to Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He grabs Puru's hand and puts the revolver in the middle of his own throat.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Seedha gale pe maarna..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam\u8217?s index finger becomes firm, and it looks like he will pull the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir pe ya pait pe ya aise koi jagah nahi maarna jiss se meat kharab ho.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He removes the revolver from his throat and asks Purushottam to keep it inside.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ladki ne suicide kar liya. Police ne apni laparwahi chupa li. Aaj bhi uska baap har din court jata hai. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Suddenly he drops his act of being serious and starts laughing again.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein bhi tum logo ke saath messiah  messiah khelega, bohot mazza aaya. Dekh mujhe koi matlab nahi kisi ko bhi maaro, kissi ko bhi kaato jitne jaldi bodies le aao, utna achcha.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Scared, dejected, and finally realizing that they are a part of this, Puru and Sudheer start to leave the office.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bachcha log, tumlog khud ko jaise bhi mana lo, murder murder hai, aur tum criminals ko maaro ya easy flesh le aao, isme kuch galat nahi hai. Nishiddh cheeze nishiddh kyun hai? Jab pata lag jaayega, toh jo lakir tum sahi aur galat ke beech taan rahe ho wo ya toh patli ho jayegi ya toh mit jayegi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agar tum bachche khareed sakte ho. Toh tumhe hummari ya kisi ki bhi kya zaroorat hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi hai. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They leave.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 25}  \b EXT. OUTSIDE CHURCH. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql MATHEW(31, wearing a black overcoat) comes out of the church and walks towards a narrow street.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam starts to follow him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is holding a mask in his right hand which, he wears while following him.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 26}  \b EXT. DESERTED ALLEYWAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Mathew knows the route very well, and he knows that there is nothing to be scared of in this safe locality. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql But tonight, tonight is different. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He notices someone is following him, a masked man. He increases his pace, and in no time, he starts running, only to see another masked man standing at the end of the street. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Dogs, barking!!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru takes out the pistol. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Mathew tries to push Sudheer(in the mask) to escape, but\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b --BAM!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is punched hard on his gut. He falls down on his knees, struggling in pain.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam grabs his head and shows him the picture of a girl.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do you remember her?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With fear in his eyes oozing out in tears, he nods his head in positive.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam hits him hard on his nut.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Mathew is in unbearable pain.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He sticks the pistol on his neck.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql This is what you deserve.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MATHEW\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql          (kannada)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I tried to confess, they did not let me.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (kannada)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Does it really matter?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MATHEW\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (kannada)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It was 12 years ago, I tried to confess, they did not let me. I was in an asylum for the next 4 years. I have a wife now, and two daughters, they are 4 and 5 years old. I\u8217?m a changed person now.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His grip on the revolver loosens.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The cross that Mathew is wearing on his neck gets entangled in the barrel of the revolver.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MATHEW (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (begging)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Please let me go. I beg you.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It is too late, he is an easy kill, Next time ka wait nahi kar sakte.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam\u8217?s eyes are filled with fear, doubts, and pity.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru is trying to pull the trigger, but he can\u8217?t.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His arm is shaking.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer notices it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No matter what, he is a criminal. He deserve to die.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam brings down the revolver.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Perplexed and afraid, he stands still.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql He destroyed her life, her family.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer shouts \u8220?Puru\u8221? to bring him back to his senses.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam slowly raises his head. He is not ready to kill.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tera baap aaj dusri shaadi kar ke khush hai. But did that save your mother?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Time slows down.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sound fades away.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is looking at Mathew, begging for his life.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His eyes then go to Sudheer. We can not hear anything, but whatever Sudheer is saying fills Purushottam with rage.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In no time, Purushottam pulls the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The recoil breaks the chain, liberating the cross, which shines bright with the reflection of the muzzle flash.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam\u8217?s eyes get covered with splashes of blood and are instantly filled with regret and tear.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A van(White) enters the scene.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Slowly the sound fades in--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Tires drifting, Dogs barking, fluctuating sound of street light, wind.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner gets out of the van, and with the help of Sudheer, they put the body inside.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is frozen in shock and horror. He is pulled inside the van by Sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 27}  \b INT. VAN\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner is smiling.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Purushottam, in guilt, is unable to look up at Sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql He is staring at his shoes, ensanguined with the blood of a changed man.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mukhti mili aisa nahi lag raha?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Uski ek family thi?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Haan.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bataya kyun nahi?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Iss se farq kya padta hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Humne ek hasta khelta parivar barwaad kar diya.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner bursts into laughter.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kitne filmein dekhte ho? Kuch nahi ujaada tumne, iski patni iske upar domestic violence ka case daali hui thi. Aur dono sauteli betiyon ko beti maanta hi nahi tha ye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam raises his head. He has a smile on his face.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b BEGIN FLASH BACK - 1:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 28}  \b INT. SMALL ROOM. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The room is lit dimly. We hear the screaming of a woman, whipping of a belt.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam(10) is waiting outside the room from where the scream is coming.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql JAY(34) comes out of the room. The belt is covered with blood. Purushottam is hiding a kitchen knife.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As soon as Jay sits on a chair and closes his eyes, Purushottam runs towards him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b BACK TO THE SCENE.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The car stops abruptly. Purushottam is staring at the dead body, smiling.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In Mathew\u8217?s face, he sees --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --A BLURRED FACE with no eyes, no nose, no mouth.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr FADE TO BLACK.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 29}  \b INT. DRAWING HALL. NIGHT --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam are watching a movie, with two bottles of beer and two plates of cs special biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It is 3 in the morning.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kal office jana hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein toh nahi jaa raha, sick le lunga. Was it liberating?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql The Act of justice?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Pata nahi, magar aisa laga jo kaam police, court ya society ko karna chahiye tha,Jo kaam sahi tha, wo humne kiya.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Was it nice killing your father?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql He is still alive.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Was it liberating killing your father.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He looks at Sudheer for a few seconds, grabs a couple of bites of the biryani, and then he nods his head in positive.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Har month shall we kill your father or....\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We will see.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence... \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Only the sound of television can be heard.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO BLACK.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Bad ass music(Hannah Miller - Still I Rise (Instrumental)) takes over the silence of the previous scene.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The black screen opens vertically in a similar way we open our eyes.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 30}  \b EXT. MAIN ROAD. DAY - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is driving the bike wearing a tight black t-shirt, looking hopelessly--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --handsome, Eyes filled with determination.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The screen splits into two vertical halves.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The left side of the screen is 15minutes in the past.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is standing in front of the mirror, holding an expensive tie in his hand.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With a smile on his face, he ditches the tie.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On the right side of the screen, Purushottam parks the bike, and with it, the right side of the screen occupies the whole screen.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He lights up a cigarette and smokes it in the most fashionable way possible.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With the screen covered with smoke, we transition to--\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 31}  \b INT. OFFICE. DAY-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The music fades out. Purushottam enters the office; his eyes wander around only to stops on Piyusha. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql AS he hesitates to approach her, He sits down inside his cubicle, works on a couple of lines of code. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Not able to concentrate, grooving to the song playing in his head, he closes his eyes. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The guy next to him is watching Purushottam; he is surprised.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With an \u8220?Aahh fuck it\u8221? attitude, Purushottam leaves his cubicle and...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b COFFEE MACHINE AREA:\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, with all his confidence, asks Piyusha -- \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hey I have been thinking,(Hesitates)...(silence for 5 seconds). Can we go out for a coffee tonight?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hey, sure. Where shall we go.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He did not expect this. Perhaps he only imagined this scenario till here. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Siddhu\u8217?s?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yeah Siddhu\u8217?s 7pm tonight.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yeah cool, we will leave office together then.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 32}  \b EXT. SIDDHU\u8217?S CAF\u201?. EVENING-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The caf\u233? is crowded, there is a large window in the front which gives us a clear view of the interiors.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As we move towards the window, we notice that Purushottam\u8217?s bike is parked outside.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As a waiter leaves the table right in the middle of the caf\u233?, we see --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha laughing out loud on his jokes, Purushottam is having the time of his life.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is living his life tonight.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr SMASH CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 33}  \b INT. ROOM(PURU\u8217?S). NIGHT--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In lust, Piyusha is moaning her \u8220?Aahs.\u8221? \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Her moans get louder and louder with each stroke. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Although they are covered with sweat, they have wrapped themselves in a white blanket. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Her nails, painted red, are almost scratching his muscular shoulder. The bed is making a creaking sound as her legs come out of the blanket. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The moonlight illuminates her Payal. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With her feet together, Her legs bent together in a diamond shape over his waist. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His hand greases over her left thigh. She feels shivers across her skin with a fluttering heart. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The electrifying sensation gives her goosebumps all over her body.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam notices goosebumps on her neck. He bends forward to kiss it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha throws away the blanket, which covers our screen, and paints it white.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 34}  \b INT. BALCONY. LATER IN THE NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is wearing Purushottam\u8217?s Shirt, and he, topless, is smoking his cigarette.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You are different.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Matlab?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We know each other from when?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 2 years.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aur tum abhi try kar rahe ho?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql She takes the cigarette from his hand to take a long drag.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You know how world always pushes you back? Aur hum kuch nahi kar paate, I\u8217?m no more that.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (While giving him the cigarette)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql (smiling) This was your first?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Embarrassed, Purushottam cutely nods in yes.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql She gives him a paper, the same paper that The owner gave to them.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Rules for killing? \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is surprisingly calm.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I\u8217?m working on a crime novel.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql On body trafficking?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql About two people who get trapped into a cult, forced to kill others\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Forced to kill? No one can force any one to kill someone.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql If they don\u8217?t, Wo maare jayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Police ke pass jaa sakte hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Police mili hui hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Duniya ki saari police?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql The thing is agar wo complain kar bhi de, toh wo cult sab clean kar lega, aur wo fasne nahi waale, Ulta mere dono characters maare jayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do they enjoy killing?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql They kill criminals.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql They murder criminals, interesting, Grey characters, tell me more.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Not Grey, they are good characters, at least one of them is.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sorry, I wanted to be a script doctor once, premise interesting hai. Mein sir nahi khaati.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql How are they Grey?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql It\u8217?s good that they are Grey.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql How are they Grey?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Because they think that they are forced to kill.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql People in army kill terrorists, police kill criminals.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql So, they are symbol of justice?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Exactly, madam, justice.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Still they are Grey, A white, uninteresting character, would have found a way to escape, but a Grey character finds a way to justify their act.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is visibly angry.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I love this novel already. And I don\u8217?t know, I\u8217?m turned on by writers.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql She, seductively crawls towards Purushottam and kisses him.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr FADE TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 35}  \b INT. ROOM(SUDHEER'S). LATER - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Sudheer is buying an iPhone on his laptop. On the gift option, he writes - "To the best Mother."\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql He places the order and calls up his mother.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Telugu)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Amma, How is your phone?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MOTHER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (O.S, Telugu)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql OK! only Beta. Why are you calling me so late? Something happened?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nothing happened, achcha! Akka! Gifted Abba an Iphone no?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MOTHER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (O.S, TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Long back, she asked me to, but I don't know these technologies.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Amma, Tomorrow morning you will receive a new phone. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MOTHER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No need! I don't understand how to operate these little demons.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You will learn quickly, and you can simply stay in the AC room and watch all your serials, I just got a new job, pay is very good.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MOTHER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU, EXCITED)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Didn't I tell you? Things will get better, you only cried everyday, what will happen with 17 thousand.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Controlling his tears, Telugu)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql One and a half lac they pay per month. Amma, will call you later, have to go.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He disconnects the call, tears oozing out of his eyes with a big smile on his face.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Amma will be proud of me.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql "4 weeks later"\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 36}  \b INT.KITCHEN-CS BIRYANI. NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It is late in the night. The restaurant is closed.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer, Purushottam, and The owner is sitting around the preparation area.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Zada late nahko karo, Kab tak laoge?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum khud kyun nahi maarte?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jaan na chahte ho?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They nod their heads in positive.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner keeps a glass on a distant table and gives Purushottam another gun.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aim karo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam aims towards the glass.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Trigger dabao.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It bullet misses the it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Itna ganda aim? Chalo koi nahi. Ab bandook mujhpar taano.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam hesitates.. But he does as instructed.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Trigger dabao.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru is hesitant.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum agar mujhe abhi maar diye, Kasai mujhe abhi pakka dega, and maa kasam tum dono free ho.(Shouts) hai ki nahi ?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher from the pantry shouts Yes.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bus ek ungli zorr se dabani hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Without thinking for another second, Purushottam pulls the Trigger, But..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --It is JAMMED; \b \i AGAIN\b0 \i0 .\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mujhe maara nahi jaa sakta.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In shock and disbelief, Sudheer says...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Come on, it\u8217?s just a sick trick. Gun 1 baar hi chal sakti hogi ye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner looks at him with a smile.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He goes behind Purushottam, Holds his arm, and points it towards the glass.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek aankh band karo aur glass ke middle me focus.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He backs off and says..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jab aim baith jaaye, trigger pull karna.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With steady hands, Purushottam pulls the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql BAM!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The glass shatters. The owner raises his arms and shows Sudheer that the game is not rigged.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam, without wasting another second points the gun towards the owner and pulls the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The barrel slot was empty this time.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (scared, faking confidence)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Oops!!! Ye toh unexpected kar diya aapne. Total 5 goli hai andar, bus ek khaali thi,  chaho toh check kar lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam opens the gun, and to his shock, three bullets are there.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Saat khoon maaf hai mujhe, aur meine ab tak 4 kiye hai, toh jab tak ek dum impossible naa ho, meri jaan koi nahi le sakta.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes the gun from Purushottam and continues his speech...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog ko jaan na hai naa? Ki tumlog kiss cheez me fassa hai? Mein sab bataunga. Mein bayra hoon, English me bole toh waiter, wo kasai hai, aur aap dono Shikari ho, (wildly)Hunters.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He gives him the list of criminals.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog poora list dekh sakte ho, decide karo kab tak body laoge, mujhe 3 din me chahiye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They confused and as they are about to leave the kitchen.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog soch vichar kar ke, number 3, Salim Ali par hi aaoge. Rapist hai, Police me bohot reach hai, aur bhagina hai Local mla ka, magar ye na body guards rakhta hai, naa bandook na koi goli.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kyu?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 6 foot 4 inch ka pehelwaan hai, nationals khelne wala tha kushti mein, magar isne crime ka rasta chuna.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Toh isko hum kaise maarenge?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bohot bada nashedi nhai ye, har raat randi khana jaata hai; tunn ho kar. \par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bandook chalana to aata hi hai ab? Room ke andar mein pohochwa dunga tumlog ko, bus ek goli theekh gale  ke beecho beech maarni hai. Easy kill.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 37}  \b EXT. RED-LIGHT AREA. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The construction alongside the street resembles \u8220?CHAWL\u8221? of Mumbai, glamorously lit in seductive colors.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On the stairway hanging outside the buildings, a few prostitutes are waiting for their customers.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql An old Kannada song is being played in one of the rooms.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The calmness of the scene is disturbed by the sound of a Bullet(motorcycle).\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql SALIM ALI(35,6\u8217?4), Strong muscular, Dark complexion, enters the scene on his bullet.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Like a rock star, he parks his bike.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On his way to his room, he spanks a prostitute on the stairway.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is Charismatic.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 38}  \b INT. SALIM\u8217?S ROOM. CONTINUED- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql There is no one in the honeymoon suite. The room is lit in green, bed covered with petals.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Petals which does not look like it belongs to some ordinary flower, illuminating and purple.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On the side, which is close to the door, there is a makeup table with 4 feet tall mirror and a beautiful lamp.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim sits on the bed and opens his shirt.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The knob of the door is turned, and in no time, Sudheer and Purushottam enter the room.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They lock the room.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They are wearing loose shirts and bell-bottom pants, and they look like someone pulled straight out of 70\u8217?s movies.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Kannada)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Where are the girls, and just fuck off and go to your fancy dress competition.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is not even remotely scared of the fact that two men entered the room and locked the door.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes out his cigar and starts to smoke it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (in style)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Today, we will fuck you?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Smiling)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum dono north se hai kya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi Andhra se hoon mein.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Really? I\u8217?m from Rayalaseema District.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (TELUGU)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What? My mother is from there, exactly where are you from?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam to his disbelief tries to stop Sudheer, but.. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum kaha se ho?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jamshedpur.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Oh! Man Jamshedpur, Mini Bombay.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aap jaante ho?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre do saal kaam kiya hai mein waha. Beautiful city Man. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is proud of his home town.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You people seem dangerous(laughing inside). You sure room 41 is your room?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql This is room 40.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Amma aiyo, no. What ra? engineers or what?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim opens the door and kicks them out.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ra, go to the owner, He will give you two space to enjoy. You look cute together.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He shuts the door on their face.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I told you, this dress won\u8217?t do.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You sure he was Salim? Bohot achcha banda tha wo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam calls-up the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hello! Salim ka koi pic hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Seriously? Tumlog Facebook mein nahi dhoondha? Choro koi ni, room me ghus jao seedha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Irritated)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum room 40 ke bahar khade hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya murderer hai yaar tumlog, room 41 bola tha mein. Tumlog sure hai aise tumlog innocents ko nahi maarega?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam hangs-up the call.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum sahi room gaye the.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Seriously? He seemed so nice.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam gives him a death stare.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Knock! Knock!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim Ali opens the door.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Salim?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya re? Bola toh dusra room jao.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam pushes Salim, and they both enter the room. And they lock the door.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Infuriated, Salim Ali stands up.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bhai isko maarna zaroori hai?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim Ali, pumped up, comes running towards Purushottam and tries to punch him hard, but...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He dodges it, grabs the lamp, and smashes it on Salim\u8217?s head.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim falls on the floor, with his head...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --Bleeding...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sir pe nahi maarna tha.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer goes near the body to examine his head.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam notices Salim\u8217?s arm moving. But before he could warn Sudheer, with all the strength left in Salim, he gets up and pushes Sudheer against the wall.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim, like a Spartacus, heads towards Purushottam and breaks his left arm.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Calmly he sits on the bed, which, surprisingly, is in perfect condition.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes out his cigar, lights it up, and before he can smoke it, his eyes get stuck on Sudheer, searching for something.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Puru gun nikal.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim, on hearing it turns his head towards Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gun tumko lana tha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Chalana tujhe aata hai mein kyun launga?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Laude!! I\u8217?m a hunter, she want to see my  gun,,,  tu gaa raha tha mirror ke saamne ki mein\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SALIM ALI\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql When I pull it out boy, the woman starts to run.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The song starts to play in the background..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer realizes that he left the gun at home. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He tries his best to get up, but he is not able to. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim gets up and kicks Sudheer on his gut; blood rushes out of his mouth. Salim grabs Sudheer by his collar, and\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b BAM!!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim is smashed with a chair, crashing one of its legs on the mirror, Shattering it, and a glass piece stabs Sudheer's shoulder. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim, unaffected by the smash, turns back and kicks Purushottam hard, immobilizing him. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer tugs out the splinter, with blood oozing out of the nasty wound, and in no time, he stabs Salim on the back. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim falls, and so do Sudheer. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Immobilized by their pain, Purushottam and Sudheer try to remain conscious. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim crawls towards the door to open it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b FLASH BACK 1 CONTINUED -\b0  \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam with the knife in his hand tries to stab the man, but the muscular man pushes him hard.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam falls on the ground unable to stand up.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The man , stands in front of him, like a monster.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b FLASHBACK 1 PAUSED. BACK TO THE SCENE - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer grabs Salim\u8217?s leg and tries to stops him for a second, but with all the power left in him, Salim drags Sudheer with him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim finally gets on his feet.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam with all the energy left in himself, stands up and shouts "Bhosdike." \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim turns back.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Both the monster and the Hunter stand still.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Both are lacking energy to move a single inch.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql All of a sudden, Puru runs towards the beast and punches him right on his nose.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Salim falls down.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam stands victorious for a few seconds and Bang!!, he falls down, knocked unconscious.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer drags himself towards Salim and with a splinter he kills him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer dials up the owner's number.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Few moments later.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b KNOCK! KNOCK!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner comes inside, sees the mess.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bandook se nahi maara?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gun bhool gaye the.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner is irritated..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gun? Bhool gaye the?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql With his leg he turns Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Zinda toh hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner and sudheer together lift the dead body.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 39}  \b INT. VAN.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer, Purushottam are on one side and owner on the other, Purushottam is still finding it hard to open his eyes.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kisne maara isko\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Meine.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Iss baar count kar le raha hoon  mein, next time thoda nazzakkat se kattal karna. \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 40}  \b INT. CS BIRYANI. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is wearing a temporary cast on his left arm, and Sudheer\u8217?s wound has been dressed.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog soch rahe hoge naa? Ki dhang ke paise jamma kar ke nikal jaoge?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dekho soch bhi rahe ho toh normal hai, Hunters aise hi hote hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hunters, waiters and butcher. Bus ?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ministers, slaves, masters, aur bohot kuch hai iss society mein, but haan ground level me bus hum teen hi hote hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher enters the scene.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Body sahi hi hai, zada nuksaan nahi hua, blood bohot waste ho gaya hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Vampires gussa ho jayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Smiling)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Vampires?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Arre nahi aap jaisa movies me dekhte hai waisa nahi, ye samaaj ke wo log jinko khoon me zada interest hota hai, hum aap jaise normal log hi hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aap normally gaand faad kar bhi humse kaam kara sakte hai, ye sab ki zaroorat nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum mazzak nahi kar rahe hai. Mein bhi pehle aapke jaisa hunter tha. Mein aur Salman, hunters humesha pair me hote hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum practically waqt ke shuruwaat se yanha hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aap?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum matlab, the society. Aghoriyon aur society ke beech ye jang sadiyon se hai. Ab kuch society members Agoriyon ke beech reh kar spy karte hai aur kuch..(pause)..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam has no respect for the story, but sudheer..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kuch?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kuch aghori, Society me chup kar hai. Ye ladai apne aakhir daur me hai, aur Dono apne sipahi taiyaar kar rahe hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum kaun ho?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql FREEMASONS, Illuminati ya the 9, kuch bhi keh lo, Hum dono ek hi devta ko poojte hai, Aur hm sabko 7 khoon maaf hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sabko matlab, bus bayra aur unse upar ke post waalo ko. Aap bhi join kar sakte ho agar...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agar?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aapko apne ek shikar ka dil khana hoga.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Join karo ya na karo, tum hunters ho, har din meat kha sakte ho tum log\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql OK.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner gets annoyed by the dismissive nature of Purushottam, but Sudheer is curious.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They start to leave, but before they can close the door.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum saare rapists, acid throwers ko Swarg pohchana chahte ho? Balli ko swarg naseeb hota hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They leave.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 41}  \b INT. ROOM(PURU'S). NIGHT--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is writing something on Puru's cast. Purushottam is drinking beer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Thodi kam piya karo.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Isme Nasha nahi hota.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nasha haala mein kabhi hota bhi nahi hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bachpan se mujhe nasha tha, Daaru ka nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Fir kiska?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo nahi bata sakti.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam thinks for a second.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql How did you overcome it?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bohot mushkil se. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql She takes out a card and gives it to Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Anti-addiction community? \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I go there and I just stand, I want to share my story.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Toh karti kyun nahi ho?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha does not speak. She is ashamed of herself.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sex? Drugs?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tu guess nahi kar payega. Tumhare novel ka kya hua?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql wo apna second act of justice kar dete hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (With curiosity)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Are they getting addicted to killing?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql They are just doing it for \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Survival, yes I know.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam flips the card and...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye toh abhi shuru hone wala hai, Itne raat me? Let's go.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I don't want to speak.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 42}  \b INT. BIG HALL. NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It is a big hall in a educational building.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql At least twenty people are sitting around a man who is sharing his story.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Piyusha are looking at them from a distance.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You don't need to tell the truth, just cook up a good story.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Magar jhooth bol kar wo feel nahi aayega.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jhooth bus tere liye hai, for them it is real\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Every one starts applauding and Purushottam pushes Piyusha inside the circle. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql People are confused to see her.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hello! All, I won't take up much time. I was 10, when I started it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql WOMAN 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Started what?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql WOMAN 2\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Miss...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Piyusha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql WOMAN 2\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Piyusha, don't be hesitant, Hum sab yanha koi na koi cheez se ladd rahe hai. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I was addicted to (a very long pause). To drugs, I was 10 when my mom caught me. Wo.... unhone... ne... mujhe judge nahi kiya, she took me to best child psychiatrists, but nothing helped, by the time I was 16, I could not live without it for even a single day.(she is now into the story), and one day, I stabbed my dog to death. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql People are staring at her.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I was drunk, and I did not know what I was doing, I loved that bitch(tears in her eyes). \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Fir?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha looking at him.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I fought with myself. It was a long fight,a really really long fight. Aaj 7 saal ho gaye hai and I did not touch any substance.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql People are confused.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MAN 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql When you killed your dog? Did it change you?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql A lot. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MAN 1\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I wanted to kill my mother, jab mujhe daaru nahi pine de rahi thi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql WOMAN 3\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jay, you did not do it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jay, did that thought change you?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql JAY\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Yes it did.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Then you will fight like I did, we all can fight it. If I can, you can.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Eventually they all start clapping.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 43}  \b EXT. MAIN ROAD. NIGHT -\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is driving the bike, Piyusha is sitting behind him.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql How did it feel?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Liberating, Finally some one who appreciates my struggle.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql But the story was not real?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jhooth bus mere liye hai\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They both laugh.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As we see from above, they are in a over bridge.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Driving peacefully, surrounded by warm orange street lights, alone.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 44}  \b INT. DRAWING HALL. DAY --\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is getting ready for work.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer comes into the room running.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql News dekha?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam turns on the television.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b INTER TELEVISION -\b0  \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql REPORTER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kal Bangalore ke GB road me, bohot bade prostitution racket ka parda-faash hua, Salim Ali, jinpe aarop hai ki wo ye racket chala rahe the, wo missing bataye jaa rahe hai. Ruling party ke pravakta ka kuch aur hi kehna hai\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PARTY REPRESENTATIVE\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Salim Ali, Mansood Ali ke rishtedaar hai, aur aapko sach me lagta hai? Ki wo missing hai?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Television is switched off.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We are Justice.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is smiling; his face has the pride of a soldier who once led his battalion to victory...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer gives him the gun.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Abhi time hai next murder ko.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Abey bandook khaali hai. Tu isko mere upar taan.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tu bhaiya jaisa baat kyun kar raha?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Abey kar naa.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam points the gun towards him.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Zor se pakadna.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam tightens his grip.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer with a trick of his hand, very smoothly transfers the gun into his hand.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kaisa tha?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jhaant farak nahi padta ye sab se.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Seekh le, hume zarorrat padega.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jhaant zarorrat padega.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 45}  \b EXT. FOREST LIKE AREA. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql A Black SUV is standing in the middle of nowhere.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql We can see a train passing at a distance.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql We slowly move towards the car, and suddenly we see a head smashed on the passenger side window.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \b INT.SUV\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The guns are fallen on the floor of the car.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Puru is struggling to attack MANOJ(50) with one arm as the other is still in the cast, and Sudheer has been knocked out already.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Manoj is about to kill Puru with his gun.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Purushottam tries Sudheer's trick and...\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \i ......Nothing happened.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql The gun is still in Manoj's hand.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Puru smiles in pain.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Puru again tries the trick. This time, the gun falls from Manoj's hand, still not in Puru's hand.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I will let you go. You let us go. Ok?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Manoj punches Purushottam on his nose, breaking his nose.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Manoj is about to pick up his gun, but Sudheer, with his foot, kicks it towards Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\ql Purushottam quickly picks up the gun and...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b EXTERIOR\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer come out of the car.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql In a few minutes, The owner with his van enters the scene.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\qc \b MONTAGE STARTS--\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\qc \i \ul [Battle Without Honor Or Humanity  \u183? Tomoyasu Hotei music starts]\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\qc And with the first beat drop, we\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr  CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 46}  \b EXT. DESERTED TUNNEL. NIGHT\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Inside the tunnel, a car is standing with the headlights turned on.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The door opens; Purushottam, and Sudheer come out of the car, one by one, covered with blood.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they walk forward they are engulfed with the fog around and with the lights illuminating the fog, Two Heroic figure walks straights towards us.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 47}  \b INT. CS BIRYANI. DAY- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer are eating various types of dishes like there is no tomorrow.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 48}  \b INT. MALL. DAY-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Piyusha are in the GUCCI store.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They have five bags in their hands.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 49}  \b INT. SUPPORT GROUP-2. NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is getting applauds\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 50}  \b INT. BIKE SHOWROOM. DAY- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer is feeling the bullet like he wants to sleep with it. His eyes can not get enough of it.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 51}  \b EXT. HIGHWAY. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql On the empty Highway, Sudheer drives his bullet without a helmet.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He is smiling for the first time.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 52}  \b INT. CS BIRYANI. NIGHT- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer are again eating various types of dishes like there is no tomorrow.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 53}  \b INT. ROOM(PURU\u8217?S). NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Covered in sweat, in cowboy position, Purushottam and Piyusha are having passionate sex.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b [MONTAGE PAUSE]\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is half covered with the blanket, hiding her one boob, the other one is exposed.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Puru is drinking from a bottle of old monk, he offers her the bottle.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bohot mushkil se latt choota hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is smiling.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I have started to believe the lie.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We all live in some kind of lie.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b [MONTAGE RESUME]\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 54}  \b INT. SUPPORT GROUP-3. NIGHT -\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql And it was difficult to be around such an abusive father, but I SURVIVED.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql All of them are clapping for Piyusha, she is like a celebrity to them.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 55}  \b INT. CS BIRYANI. DAY- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer are again eating various types of dishes like there is no tomorrow.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They have put on some weight.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 56}  \b INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR. NIGHT- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql It is a small local hotel with only five rooms on the floor. An overweight naked man is escaping from the room, running for his life, only to be obstructed by Sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Before he can move around, a Knife cuts his neck, he collapses.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is standing behind.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 57}  \b EXT. A POSH APARTMENT. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer are moving to this beautiful apartment.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 58}  \b INT. NEW ROOM(PURU\u8217?S). NIGHT-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is moaning as Purushottam eats her out.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 59}  \b INT. AN OLD DUPLEX. DAY-                                  \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql An Elderly man opens the door and is surprised to see Sudheer.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The Old lady comes rushing to him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They hug each other.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OLD MAN\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (ANDHRA)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You got off from work?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (ANDHRA)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Only for you, where is Akka?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OLD MAN\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Angry, Andhra)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql She eloped with Sarvesh. We are never going to talk to her.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OLD WOMAN\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Andhra)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql An adopted child is an adopted child, I always told you.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer has never been so happy before in his life.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\qc \b [MONTAGE ENDS]\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\qc \b \u8220?A WEEK BEFORE NEXT KILL DATE\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 60}  \b INT. NEW DRAWING ROOM. DAY-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The room is painted white, looking like a room in heaven.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Cozy and comfortable, there is a large television with a huge sofa set opposite to it.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha and Purushottam were chilling on the sofa until the news anchor starts speaking.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql --INTER TELEVISION\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql REPORTER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql A local detective claims that there is a vigilante group, a group of 2 men; who killed six criminals in the past six months. The local detective remains anonymous, but the six people he claimed who are dead are indeed missing. There are no links between the criminals, except they all have been accused of some crime against women. In our poll, 83% of the people want such groups in their cities too.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The television is switched off.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is scared to his core. Piyusha is still calm.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His phone is ringing.. The owner is calling him.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\fs20\sb0\sl200\i\ql                                   INTERMISSION\par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\b\ul\qc ACT 2 ENDS\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \par
\pard\plain \s0\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\b\ul\qc\page ACT 3 \par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 61}  \b INT.KITCHEN-CS BIRYANI. DAY\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam, enter the Kitchen.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner and The butcher are sitting there watching television. The butcher is scared, but the owner is calm as always.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ab?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dhoondh lenge usse.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ministers ko bhanak bhi lagi ki ye\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql killing humse judi hai, toh gaand\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql maar diya jayega hummara.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sab under control hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do we have any clue ki kaun hai wo?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Last hotel me jaha tumlogo ne murder kiya tha, wahi ka waiter hai. Iss month ke liye body mil gaya matlab?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Criminal?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Smiling, the owner says..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye tum decide kar lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql From the pantry, the butcher brings a teenager, 17, 5\u8217?7; tied with rope and mouth shut with tape.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer felt like a cold wind went right through them.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bachcha hai ye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner rips open the tape.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql TEENAGER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (desperately)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein fan hoon bus.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam kneels down near him and..\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhe pata kaise chala?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql TEENAGER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql mein kuch khatra nahi banunga\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Sab yehi kyun bolte hai? Tum assume kaise karte ho mein darr kar ye sab kar raha hoon? Mazze se nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Without paying him any attention, Purushottam signals the teenager to continue.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql TEENAGER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I believe in the cause.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nitish!!! Jiska tumlogo ne Hotel me\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql murder kiya, usne meri Didi ko\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql waha naukri di thi,fir...(hesitates) unhone..(unable to finish his sentence), Didi ne\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql suicide kar liya aur police ko koi\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql saboot nahi mila.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Fir ye uske khilaaf saboot ikhata karne laga, jis din tumlogo ne..(Suddenly changing his tone) Boom. Kill the threat puru, isko khula nahi chor sakte.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bachcha hai ye, Innocent bachcha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql TEENAGER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein tumlog ke saath mil kar ye kar sakta hoon.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi, hunters humesha 2 hi hote hai, magar..\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He unties the kid and gives him the gun.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum inme se kisi ek ko maar do, toh tum Hunter bann sakte ho.(to them) Mein kisi ko force nahi kar raha, tumlog apas mein dekh lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner goes back to his seat and is thrilled to see how this situation unfolds.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The teenager points the gun towards Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Don\u8217?t!!! trigger pull mat karna.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer takes out his gun and points it towards the teenager.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We can\u8217?t give in, Sudheer gun neeche karo, agar hum ek dusre ko nahi maarte toh ye humara kuch nahi bigad sakta.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (To kid)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mahine ka dedh lakh deta hoon, tumhara ghar sudhar jayega.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The teenager\u8217?s grip on the trigger tightens.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer slowly moves two steps forward, still aiming at the teenager\u8217?s neck.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam takes out his gun and points it towards the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner smiles.\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (to the kid)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agar isse maar doge toh hum sab nikal jayenge yanha se.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The kid redirects his aim towards the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer and Purushottam have a big smile on their faces, but the owner, well his smile is ever bigger.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mujhe maar nahi sakte, trigger dabba ke dekh lo, magar uske baad, tum nahi bachoge. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher takes out his knife. The teenager gulps, and very quickly, he brings his gun back towards Purushottam, and before he could pull the trigger,\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b BAM!!!\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The teenager is shot. One bullet hit him on his head and the other one on the neck. Sudheer and Purushottam both killed an innocent.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The smoke from the guns is unusually denser.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As we see from above, The blood moves in all four directions, painting the floor in red, and no one moves an inch until blood reaches them, except the owner, his feet are high up above hanging from the table, swinging playfully.                     \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher starts dragging the body. He is not bothered to clean the blood on the floor.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam and Sudheer, like a statue, are standing in the middle of the blood-covered floor, Frozen and not being able to move.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Becoming aware of his heartbeat, Purushottam turns his head towards Sudheer--\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (To Sudheer)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What did we do?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We survived.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql At what cost?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence...\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Dejected, Puru keeps his gun in the preparation area. Sudheer is not sure what is Purushottam is doing.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql They won\u8217?t let us go.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (To the owner)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kill us.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Pakka?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No!!!\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Do you want to live to kill innocents?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer does not have any answer.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql I just want to live.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner picks-up the gun and playfully points it towards Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hum hunters ko nahi maarte, you are free to go, jaha jana hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql He is lying Puru, Take the fucking gun and we will figure out a way.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Figure out what? Tumlog free ho jaane ke liye. Tum hummare against kuch mat karo aur apni zindigi ke Raja ho.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He takes a pack of biryani from a bag lying around and starts eating it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aao tumlog bhi kha lo.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They don\u8217?t move an inch.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql After a couple of bites, he packs the biryani again.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumlog police me mat jana, media me mat jana and you are free.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Silence...\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Baaki tumlog ko roz ka gost(meat) nahi milega, naa hi monthly payments.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer, furiously starts to talk, only to be abruptly silenced by the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Um mm hmm mm, shhhhh,ch.. ch.. chup.. Tum dono ke pass bus do options hai. One-> continue 2--> shanti se nikal lo\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner again unpacks the biryani and starts eating it, this time he is enjoying the bites.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He revolves around them, finally walking on the blood stained floor.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Don\u8217?t lie, ki tumhe ye meat tasty nahi lagte. isko dekh kar tumhare muh me paani nahi aate. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He pats them both and says.. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Anyway, tumlogo ko chorna hai toh, (To sudheer) Apne guns mujhe de kar nikal jao.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer also keeps his gun in the preparation area, and With hesitance in their footsteps... \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql They start to leave.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ek second, ye le jao.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Giving them the Biryani.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As they leave, they leave behind their shoe marks.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher comes out of the pantry and gives the owner a note of two thousand rupees.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 30 din me wapas aayenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye saale alag hai, ye 21 din mein aayenge. Tumlog kitne me aaye the?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 25..(pause) Kis ka nasha ke liye lautenge paisa ki gost?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tum kis liye aaye the?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The owner takes out a cigarette and smokes it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agar hum 25 din me nahi aate toh sach me jaane milta?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Meine 4 murders kiye hai, 1 nahi 3 nahi, 5 nahi, 4...\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 62}  \b EXT.MAIN ROAD. \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The bike is standing at the side of the road, but the engine is still running.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The Biryani is hanging on the handle, swinging like a pendulum.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is vomiting. Sudheer is standing still, emotionless.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Why didn\u8217?t you throw it?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql This is the last meat we can have.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Breaking into tear)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We have killed an innocent.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Hummare pass koi option nahi tha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Option tha, but you pulled the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Goli tumne bhi chalayi thi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Raising his voice)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumne jab goli chalayi, Mein darr gaya aur out of impulse, I pulled the trigger.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Sarcastic smile)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql You can do anything to look good. Kill me, I\u8217?m a criminal now.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam grabs the bag of biryani and throws it away.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 63}  \b INT. NEW DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is resting his head on Piyusha\u8217?s shoulder, and Sudheer has come back to his senses.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql No one is talking.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 64}  \b INT. NEW ROOM(PURU\u8217?S).NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is sleeping next to Purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He gets up from the bed, and from almirah, he takeout a file.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The file is very thick.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql As he flips over the pages, we hear the flipping along with his voice narrating the content of the letter.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?I\u8217?m sorry maa, I tried my best\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8221?Maa wo mujhe bully kar rahe the\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?Maa aaj mujhe naukri lagi\u8221?, \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?Maa aapko Piyusha bohot pyaari lagegi\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Finally we reach to an empty page.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?Maa, Mein apni jaan dene ko taiyaar tha, meine bandook bhi oonchi nahi ki thi, magar Sudheer\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We zoom into his eyes, where we can see the reflection of\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b FLASH BACK - 1..\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 65}  \b INT. SMALL ROOM. NIGHT- CONTD\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The man comes out of the room, his belt covered with blood.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam(10), with a kitchen knife in his hand, stabs the man on his crotch.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql His mother comes out and is devastated to see that, she tries to pull Purushottam away, but she slips and breaks her spine.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 66}  \b INT. ASYLUM. DAY - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The asylum seems to be well funded, painted in bright colors, with nurses in pink uniforms.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql We see a room with the name --\u8221? DR. Marina\u8221? on it.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (O.S)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maa hospital me hai, ek dum tandarust.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 67}  INT. MARINA\u8217?S CABIN-\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (crying)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Har din alag alag papa ghar aate the.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo sab aapki maa ko maarte the?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Nahi, jo bohot zada paisa dete the bus wo log. \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Agle mahine hum maa se milne chalenge.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maa marr gayi hai, mujhe pata hai. Wo mujhe kabhi maaf nahi karengi.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Marina looks at Purushottam with sympathy.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?One year later.\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql There is a lot of commotion in the asylum. Marina, worried, is running towards the room, finding her way through the crowd.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam just tried to commit suicide.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Overdosed with medicine, he lies on ventilation support.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (To everyone)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Room khaali kijiye.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql NIGHT 3 A.M-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam wakes up, Marina hands him a letter.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye kya hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhari maa ka letter.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam reads the first few lines and\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mujhko baakiyon ne bata diya hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mera har din naya baap ghar kyun aata tha, meri maa dhandha karti thi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aur isiliye tumko marna hai?\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql \par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kyun ki Meri maa jaiso ka izzat nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Toh log decide krenenge ki tujhe kaise jeena hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Rehna toh unke saath hi hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Toh unko sach batao naa\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Bataya toh tha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ki teri maa sarkari teacher thi? Aur tera baap nashedi, jisne teri maa ko maar diya aur khud mazze se dusri shaadi kar li? Letter me teri maa ne toh yehi likha hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye sach nahi hai magar.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Jhooth bus tere liye hai.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr SMASH CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 68}  \b INT. SCHOOL. DAY - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Kids have surrounded a desk, as we move closer, we see Purushottam crying and telling a story to them\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Fir maa nahi rahi, aur papa ne dusri shaadi kar li.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The innocent kids, one by one, hug him and gives him their tiffing before they leave...\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 69}  \b INT. MARINA\u8217?S CABIN. DAY- \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam is very happy and talking to Marina non stop.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maa gussa nahi hogi mujhpe? Wo jhooth bolne mana karti thi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maa tumhari khushi se khush hogi bus.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mein fir kabhi kisi ko nuksaan nahi pohchaunga.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Very good.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Magar agar kuch galti ho gayi toh fir sab mujhse nafrat karne lagenge.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Marina tears a paper from a notebook and hands it over to purushottam.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Tumhe sach apni maa se bolna hai bus, wo samjhegi tumhari majburi, you are a good kid Puru, apna sach khud likhna.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Purushottam nods his head. He notices a photo of a man in the office.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Wo kaun hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Mere husband the.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql The?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql MARINA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Unka murder ho gaya tha, ghar me kuch chor ghus aaye the.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Aap kaha thi tab?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Marina looks at purushottam without any answer.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b FLASH-BACK ENDS\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \b Continued from Puru\u8217?s room\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql \u8220?Mein kuch rasta nikal leta maa.\u8221?\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He puts the paper on the file and puts it back in the Almirah.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 70}  \b INT. KITCHEN. LATER IN THE NIGHT.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The alarm clock is on the top of the preparation area, Only 15minutes before it rings.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher is holding a revolver in his hand, mimicking the owner.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE OWNER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql 1 nahi 3 nahi 5 nahi 4... Ab tmlogo ke pass do hi option hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He enacts the other person, and tries to pull the trigger and the trigger is actually jammed.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He tries to shoot several times, but it is jammed, He looks at the clock, hides the gun in his jeans and leaves.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 71}  \b EXT. FLEE MARKET. NIGHT - \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The market is closed and no one except a few beggars and dogs are on the pavement of the street.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher opens a shutter to it\u8217?s quarter length and enters inside.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql A man is sleeping inside.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher wakes him up.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kya hua?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye gun thoda check kar na, chal nahi raha.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Time dekha hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kal free Biryani laa dunga.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The man gets up from his sleep and examines the gun.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ruk khol kar dekhta hoon.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He goes inside another room, and in a minute returns back with the gun and a microchip.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye sensor controlled safe lock lagaya hai re tu.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Maane?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Matlab button se control kar sakta hai tum ki gun chalega ki nahi.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kaun sa button?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql THE MAN\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Gun ke saath aisa lock nahi milta, lagwana padta hai, fir button se control kar sakta hai, Jisne lagwaya hoga uske pass hoga re button.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher takes the gun, and he has a big smile on his face.\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 72}  \b EXT. OUTSIDE SHOP. MOMENTS LATER -\b0  \par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql The butcher comes out of the shop, a dog is barking at him.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Ye le gun aur chala mere par.(laughing) 7 khoon maaf hai mereko, ab tak 4 hi kiya hai.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He sits on the ground.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql BUTCHER (cont'd)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Le try kar mujhe maarne ka.\par
\pard\plain \s6\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li5556\ri557\qr CUT TO:\par
\pard\plain \s1\f0\caps\fs24\sb480\sl240\ql {\listnum 73}  \b INT. NEW ROOM(PURU'S). DAY-\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Piyusha is getting ready for the office.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql Sudheer comes in the room with a paper in his hand.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kal kya hua tumlog ke beech? Ye Dukhi choda bann ke kyun hai?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql We had a fight, but sab sahi hai, chill.\par
\pard\plain \s2\f0\fs24\sb240\sl240\ql He wakes-up Puru and throws the sheet on his face.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Dude? What the fuck?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Office ke liye ready ho ja.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Puru resign kar raha hai.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PIYUSHA\par
\pard\plain \s4\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li2083\ri2778\ql (Astonished)\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql What?\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql PURUSHOTTAM\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql No, I'm not.\par
\pard\plain \s3\f0\caps\fs24\sb240\sl240\li2778\ri350\ql SUDHEER\par
\pard\plain \s5\f0\fs24\sb0\sl240\li1389\ri2083\ql Kar payega wo job?\par
}
